# The Book Class. Formattable

## Description
Design a sealed class called `Book` that represents the book as a type of publication according to the following requirements.  
- The `Book` class should have following private fields:
    -  field-flag `published` (`System.Boolean`) and field `datePublished`(`System.DateTime`) are publishing-related fields; the field `published` is true when datePublished is assigned a publication date, false otherwise
    -  field `totalPages` (`System.Int32`) that indicates how many total pages the book has;
- The `Book` class should have two constructors. 
    - The `Book` constructors share three common parameters - `author`, `title` and `publisher`. 
    - Parameters `author`, `title` and `publisher` are stored to a public immutable `Author`, `Title` and `Publisher` properties accordingly. 
    - One constructor includes an `isbn` parameter, which is stored in the `ISBN` auto-property. 
    - The first constructor uses the `this` keyword to call the other constructor.    
- The `Book` class should have following properties.
    - `Title` is a read-only `System.String` property whose value is supplied by calling the `Book` constructor.
    - `Pages` is a read-write `System.Int32` property that indicates how many total pages the book has. The value is stored in a private field named `totalPages`. It must be a positive number or an `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` is thrown.
    - `Publisher` is read-only `System.String` property whose value is supplied by calling the `Book` constructor.
    - `ISBN` is read-only `System.String` property, which returns the `Book` object's [International Standard Book Number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number), a unique 10- or 13-digit number. The ISBN is supplied as an argument to one of the `Book` constructors. The ISBN is stored in a private backing field, which is auto-generated by the compiler.
    - `Author` is read-only  property. The author name is supplied as an argument to both `Book` constructors and is stored in the property.
    - `Price` and `Currency `are read-only price-related properties. Their values are provided as arguments in a `SetPrice` method call. The `Currency` property is the three-digit ISO currency symbol (for example, USD for the U.S. dollar). ISO currency symbols can be retrieved from the [ISOCurrencySymbol](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.globalization.regioninfo.isocurrencysymbol?view=netcore-3.1) property. Both of these properties are externally read-only, but both can be set by code in the `Book` class.
- The `Book` class should have following methods:
    - The `Publish` method sets a private published flag to `true` when it is called and assigns the date passed to it as an argument to the private `datePublished` field.
    - The `GetPublicationDate` method returns the string `"Not published yet."` if the published flag is `false`, and the value of the `datePublished` field if it is `true`.
    - A `SetPrice` method, which sets the values of the `Price` and `Currency` properties. Those values are returned by those same properties.
    - Overrides to the `ToString` method (inherited from `System.Object`) to return the information about author and title of book. For example, for the object with the values `Title = C# in Depth, Author = Jon Skeet, Year = 2019, Publisher = Manning Publications, ISBN: 9781617294532, Pages = 528, Price = $39.99`, method `ToString` should return following string `"C# in Depth by Jon Skeet"`.
    - Overrides to the `Object.Equals` and `GetHashCode` methods (inherited from `System.Object`). In the `Book` class two `Book` objects should be equal if they have the same ISBN.
- The `Book` class should implement following interfaces:
    -  `IEquatable<Book>` implement equality by value `ISBN` comparison.
    -  `IComparable<Book>` and `IComparable` implement order comparison by `Title` property.
    -  `IFormattable` - implement the possibility of a string representation of various kinds. For example, for the object with the values `Title = C# in Depth, Author = Jon Skeet, Year = 2019, Publisher = Manning Publications, ISBN: 9781617294532, Pages = 528, Price = $39.99` may be the following options:
        -  `C# in Depth by Jon Skeet. 2019. Manning Publications. ISBN: 9781617294532.  528 pages. $39.99.`
        -  `C# in Depth by Jon Skeet. 2019. Manning Publications. ISBN: 9781617294532.  528 pages.`
        -  `C# in Depth by Jon Skeet. 2019. Manning Publications. 528 pages.`
        -  `C# in Depth by Jon Skeet. 2019. 528 pages.`
        -  `C# in Depth by Jon Skeet $39.99.`
        -  `C# in Depth by Jon Skeet.`